[MUSIC]
>> Kent C. Dodds: So this is actually
just slides from another talk.
So we already talked
about having a license.
This is really important.
And a code of conduct is really important.
If we're talking about building a
community, there's few things that you can
do that are more important than having
a code of conduct that you enforce.
For this, it's on the site of, let's see.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah, so
on the repo, if you just post,
if you have questions after the fact,
go to the Star Wars Names repo, and
that's where you can chat
with me about questions.
Okay, so defining project scope,
this is more on the side of what
are you doing as a library author,
not as much on the community side but
on the side of building the library.
But it's important for
you to communicate to your community
what is this project's purpose?
What's going to do?
If you submit a pull request that
has its feature, will I accept it?
You want them to know the answer to that
question before they even submit the pull
request.
And so one thing to help with the finding
of the scope of the project is to have
ROADMAP.md file where you define
what you will do, what you won't do,
what you might do.
So that people can look at that and
realize, okay, so
the scope of this project is much
smaller than I'm thinking it could be.
Maybe I should just fork it or
something like that.
But another thing that you can do to,
a problem with scoping down your project
is that people are like, well, this thing
can't really do anything useful for me.
My use case is a little bit on the edge of
this and so now I'm gonna have to fork it.
Well, something that's really impressive
to me is the fact that the Redux
library has done.
How many people here
are familiar with Redux?
Heard of Redux before?
So Redux is a state management library,
well,
it was originally created by
a React developer, Dan Abramov.
It's fantastic and it's less than
100 lines of code, without comments.
It really has changed the game for
state management in many apps.
And the reason that you
can call it done or yeah,
the reason it's been successful
even though it's so small is
because it's really extensible and a huge
community is built around this library.
It uses this concept called the middleware
which is very similar to Express,
Express uses the concept of middleware.
But, yeah, the whole idea is at any
point of interest in your library's API,
you can add hooks where people can say,
okay, well, when you're gonna do this,
I want you to call me first so
I can change the arguments, for example.
Or I want you to call me
after this finishes, so
I can go call out to something else.
And so by doing this,
when people come to you and say, hey,
can you implement this feature?
You can say, no,
you just hook into this part and
you can solve your use case that way.
And that way you can keep your library
small and maintained much more easily and
still cover the use cases that
other people are looking for.
And I actually demonstrate
how to do this in
this YouTube video that
you can check out later.
My slide links are in the chat and
then those slides link to these slides and
then this links to the video so
you can find it.
I believe in you.
Okay, so automating things.
So this is a blog post that talked about
the case for automation, where I make
the case that saving time isn't
the only reason to automate workflows.
One of the main reasons is to
prevent you from making mistakes,
like publishing before you build.
And also like the context switching as
well is really a big important part.
So some things you can automate.
Simplify Setups.
So, for all of you,
when you set up this project, I could
have had you run a whole bunch of scripts,
but instead I said, okay, just clone this,
change your directory into the repository,
then run this one script.
And that did everything.
And what was really cool about that
was I got a whole bunch of people for
this workshop and yesterday's workshop
who said hey, this didn't work for me.
And so I was able to update it and
fix it before the workshop, but
all you had to do was run three commands.
You do the same thing with your open
source projects and we've done that.
We have a validate script,
and so you can document,
hey if you want to contribute to this
project, you clone this repository,
cd into your cloned directory,
and run this one command.
You could even have a setup script.
I have a setup script in some of my
projects that run both the npm install and
the validate scripts.
So I'm making it as simple as possible,
cuz you wanna reduce barriers to entry.
And here are just a couple of things that
I list in there you can look at later.
So automate code quality is important.
So we talked about eslint,
git hooks is really useful,
opt-cli we didn't talk about.
So I'm gonna just pause really quickly and
talk about that, opt-cli allows
you to run a command if
a certain file is present.
And so one problem with ghooks is it
adds a barrier to contributing for
new contributors.
Let's say that I'm trying to
add a couple of things to
your library and I go to commit.
And I don't follow the commit
message convention.
Well, everything blows up on me.
And I'm like, goodness gracious,
I just learned how to use git yesterday,
I have no idea what this is.
And so there's a barrier to entry for
people contributing to your project,
especially people not experienced.
And those are the ones that are excited
about contributing, the most often.
And so opt-cli allows you to add, kind of,
you can still have shareable ghooks, but
you can opt into running those ghooks.
So I recommend you give that a look and
actually in the next branch I have it
set up so you can take a look at that.
Then code coverage, we talked about that.
That's another important aspect of this,
to make sure that you maintain
your code quality and
you automate that with code cove.
So you get that sweet code cove bot,
and actually I didn't show you that,
but you'll see it on your repo's.
Like even if you make a pull request
to your own repo then you'll see,
after the build is done, the code cov bot
reports what the coverage change would be.
So yeah, automating releases.
We talked about semantic-release and
Travis.
This is awesome.
It's a good thing to do.